Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-updateMany.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::updateMany()
=================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Update multiple documents in a collection using `MongoDB\Collection::updateMany()` with various options like filters, collation, and upsert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Update multiple documents in a collection with the MongoDB PHP Library, with various options like filters, collation, and upsert.
```
